From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 17 recorded live
Thursday, June 10th, 2010. Support for Hanselman.
This is provided by Tellerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Javier Lozano about
NBC turbine and IOC. Hi,
This is Scott Hanselman and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
sitting down with Javier Lozano,
the author of MVC turbine.
How's it going, sir? Great
Scott, thanks for having us
on board. No worries. So
talk to me about NBC
turbine because I am an
NBC person. I like asp.net
MVC, but when I put
out samples and when I
start new applications, people are
always saying that I should
use inversion of control and
auto wire up my controllers.
And it always seems like
a huge hassle. And is
NBC turbine something that, that
bridges that the gap between
it's a hassle and what
comes out of the box?
Yeah, it does. One of
the things that NBC turbine
provides to the developer is
composition through use of IOC.
So for example, you mentioned
about proclaiming your IOC container
to get control their title
of it or view and
just, and so forth. Well
manually, you have to, for,
to get that working on
a spin on NBC, you
have to actually plug into
the runtime and you have
to, first of all, know
the runtime and know specifically
where to plug it in
turbine, kind of removes that
headache by plugging itself into
the runtime and eagerly fetching
types that it cares about
such as few engines and
controllers and so forth. So
it kinda takes you a
step ahead from what you
will have to do manually,
which is not hard, but
it's just, you know, extra
work. So give me a
sense though, of what, what
I would need to do
manually and why I would
want to do it. I
mean, let's say I sit
down, I go file new
project. I've got myself a
nice asp.net MVC project. If
I type in the URL
slash home slash about it's
automatically, you're going to use
the default controller factory and
it's going to go off
and find the home controller
and it'll do a little,
I mean, I mean, I
didn't knew up the controller,
right? So someone's doing that
work for me. Why would
I need to get in
some IOC at that point,
you bring up a very
good point there. The thing
that it does. So is
that in most cases, depending
on what you're doing for,
like, for example, on your,
at home about, you're not
really doing anything that require
any extra information, but say,
for example, in the home
about, you may want to
fish and data out of
the, out of a database
or some other resource. And
that point you're, you're going
to have to connect to
that resource. So by one
way of doing it is
by injecting that, that piece,
you know, let's call it
a repository right into, into
the controller and be able
to get that so we
can test it and manage
it differently. Well, for you
to do that out of
the box, the default controlling
refractory breaks, because it, it
uses activate or that created
instance behind the scenes. So
for you to actually, you
know, get into the specifics
of that, either a, you're
going to have to create
a, sorry, a class that
inherits from the fall controller
factory and kind of override
some of the methods and,
and check if it's the
right controller and otherwise, you
know, build up the, the
controller manually, or you can
just use a controller factory
that's automatically wired up with
an IOC and, and have
it give you those specifics.
Okay. And it either way,
and, and, and if say,
if your controller doesn't have,
doesn't have it dependencies, the,
the IOC container is smart
enough to say, Oh, well,
I'm going to create a
controller with, you know, with
no dependencies because it just
has a plain old default
constructor. Okay. So that, you're
saying a couple of things
here then first that the
default controller factor that comes
with ESPN and NBC is
fairly simplistic. I was going
to say stupid, but I'll
say simplistic and is a
basic convention, a convention based
factory, but it uses activator
dot create instance underneath it,
which makes it very, very,
basically a hard coded convention
style factory. And if I
want to do anything at
all, that's, that's different, anything
tricky injecting independencies at all.
I'm going to replace that
factory anyway. Exactly. Yep. Okay.
So then why let's, let's
say I pick a, an
IOC container. Let's say that
I decide that I want
to use unity, which is
an open source thing from
Microsoft. Why don't I just
hook up unity in my
application? Where, why do I
need NBC turbine? What is
it, what does MPC turbine
by me? Yeah. I mean,
if, if you just one
IOC for your controllers, and
like you said, you can
use unity as does as
a controller factor enabled work.
Just fine that the, I
will say the added value
that turbine gives you is
that it provides the application.
That's running it a piece
of composition outside of a
just controller or, or any
other item within the asp.net
framework. And what I mean
by composition. I mean, one
of the concepts that turbine
has taught up to play
on the whole theme of,
of the name is something
called a blade, which what
I use it for and
what turbine uses is for
is for a cross cutting
concern injection into your, okay.
So for example, logging, right,
we all do. We all
do logging in one way,
shape or form, whether it's
console that right line or,
or if we're using something
as robust as Locke Fernet,
well, other way right now
for you to, to configure
them to application and within
the app star, you're going
to have to configure lock
for now. You have to
put all this code, all
the ceremony around it for
it to work well with
a blade, I can be
very specific and say, all
right, all this code that
is required to initiate log
for net, or my logging
of choice will go inside
this blade. So at the
runtime, when your NBC turbine
application starts, it says, Oh,
give me all the blades
that I found in and
the bend directory. And it
will gather them all up,
spin them up and say,
okay, Blake, you do your
thing, you do your thing,
you do your thing. And
out of the box, you
don't have to worry about
having that functionality. So now
once you run it, once
you can literally use that
blade across any application, that's
using ABC turbine. Okay. And
this implements an interface of
yours. Yeah. This implements a,
a basic interface called blade.
And actually there's an abstract
class called the blade that
provides some basic getters and
setters implementations. So the MBC
turned by it. Runtime is
smart enough to go say,
Oh, I need to scan
all these blades, you know,
and hydrate them out of
actually the IOC container and
then iterates through them and
calls them individually and process
them. Okay, you have to
talk to me like, I'm
a, like, I've never done
this before. Cause I definitely
want to understand the, what
the listener is going to
do with this because maybe
the listener uses IOC today.
You figure that we've probably
got it split down the
middle. We've got people out
there that have got their
favorite IOC, their favorite and
version of control stuff that
they use. Now, they have
their existing techniques that they
like to use around dependency
injection. And then you've got
the folks that have been
listening to everyone, talking about
inversion version of control and
dependency injection for years, but
have never gotten around to
it. So to the person
who's listening, who has never
decided to take that leap
is MPC turbine going to
make it less scary. It
can. And the reason why
I say can is because
out of the box, it,
it does things for you.
So it, another piece of
turbine that allows you to
do is you can do
have what I call a
poor man's or, or really
lay man's registration for types.
So say for example, you
need a, I, I, food
service that will re you
know, return a list of
foods for you turbine will
have, has an API for
you to do very simple
registration to that example. So
it's sort of a, it's
a small steps towards that
understanding of what IOC provides
and, and how you can
get best leverage us and
so forth. Now, it's it
doesn't provide all the features
such as a community of
structure map, or an inject.
It does out of the
box. Again, it's very, very
simple. It's mostly used by
turbine, not by the user,
however, as this developer, who's,
you know, slowly getting into
it and saying, Oh, wow,
this, you know, this thing
is just working. I can
just tell it that I
need, and I, food service,
given the implementation and so
forth, all that's magically working.
And at the same time
say they, they want to
learn about unity. They can
start learning more about unity
and literally taking some of
those pieces and saying, okay,
I don't want turbine to
register these pieces. I want
unity to do it. And
they can actually spin up
the code, know whatever in
their app to say, Oh,
here's my registrations. And here's
the unity container. You know,
they can manually create, do
a unity container and then
pass that container into turbine.
So you kind of get
the best of both worlds.
So if you don't really
care about it, let turbine
handle it and they will
do it to the best
of its abilities. But if
you really do care about
how the registration stand and
how it should be implemented,
you can do that within
your own container and then
give it a turbine to
kind of handle the, the,
the, the other pieces of
the framework. Okay. So let
me, let me try to
paraphrase some things, cause that
that'll mean that I'll either
understand it or I won't
understand it. So let me
see if I can paraphrase
what's going on here. So
with a plain NVC application,
you say file new and
you get asp.net MVC, but
there's no built in, in
version control, no dependency injection.
If your home controller needs
to have an eye lager
or an eye database or
whatever, you're going to have
to give it to it
somehow. And this, this is
where we start talking about
the dependency chain. How, how
does that, I Fu I,
whatever, get into my, my
home controller. Is it the
home controller's responsibility to go
off and make an IFU?
Or is it someone else's
responsibility if you invert the
control and you then the
home controller simply receives one
of these eye foods. One
of them appears out of
the, out of the ether
and that's handled by an
inversion of control framework. And
if it has some dependencies
at once and I flew
and I flew once a
night bar and et cetera,
et cetera, you're letting an
external system you're inverting control
and letting it in an
external system decide who decide
to make those for you
so that you'll never actually
go and say, VAR foo
equals new food service inside
of your controllers. That's what
the, the whole thing behind
a dependency injection and version
control is then there's lots
and lots of different frameworks
out there. There's unity in
their structure map, and there's
Windsor and on and on
and on. And they all
do things slightly differently, but
they all do effectively the
same thing. It's just that
people like them for various
reasons. Am I, am I
right so far? Oh yeah.
You're, you're dead on it.
It's at the end of
the, at the end of
the day, it's about developer
preference. Okay. And then the
controller factory inside of asp.net
MVC is the factory that
makes controllers. So when you
say slash home slash out,
it's the thing that looks
at that route map and
says, gosh, I need to
go and get a controller
instance. And then it decides
how to make that. Except
if my controller needs something,
it needs an IFU, it
needs a database connection. Now
I dunno. And then I'm
off writing my own controller
factoring. So then if I
want to use something like
a control container, I have
to hook it up to
MVC. I have to tell
Windsor how to make controllers.
And I have to tell,
you know, I basically plug
Aspen an MVC controller factory
mechanism into my container framework
of choice my there so
far. Ah, yes. Okay. Yep.
Yep. That's correct. And then
this is where, this is
where I think I understand
what you just said is
that this is where MVC
MVC turbine comes in. Correct.
Okay. And then you provide
all sorts of well helper
functions and layers and framework
and conventions. Like it's almost
like you're a, an IOC
container aggregator that knows about
asp.net MVC. Actually that is
a, it's a really great
way of putting it is
that, that the fact that
turbine knows, knows about IOC
and L is about NBC
and kind of bridges that,
you know, it translates between
the two. Okay. So you're
saying that I could go
off right now and write
the Scott IOC container and
build a whole dependency injection
framework called you know, scott.net.
And I wouldn't have to
teach it about NBC, correct.
Okay. It would just be
a standard, generic, non asp.net
specific thing. And then what
would I have to do
to make it really, really
easy for people to use
it? And how would MPC
turbine helped me? The, the
easiest way to do that
is say we take scott.net
and, and take it add
at face value at what
it does. And we bridge
it. We actually plug it
into asp.net by actually implementing
an eye service locator interface,
which is a contract that
turbine provides. And actually this
is very similar to the
common service locator project that's
out there and code black.
And what does a service
locator in the generic sense
though? A service locator is
I would pull it. I
would call it as a,
as an aggregate or nowhere
of types. Number of types.
Yes. As in census, you
query it and saying, Hey,
locator, I need you to
locate me of, of something
of this type of, of,
of IFU or I bar.
And you don't know how
it does it. You just
know that it provides that
for you. Hey, it's alternate
universe, Scott Hanselman, going to
thank our sponsors for making
this free show possible. We've
been doing Hansel minutes for
almost four years now, and
we really couldn't do it
without tolerance. So I want
to tell you about some
of the stuff they're working
on. If you've already started
developing with Silverlight, then you'll
probably need a solid testing
tool to do your Silverlight
UI UIs. Unfortunately, though, a
lot of the tools available
today only help you with
unit testing. There's not really
a good way to simulate
the actual behavior of those
end users, unless you spend
days and weeks doing a
lot of manual testing, but
the guys at Tellerik, you've
got a new point and
click UI testing tool for
server line called web UI
test studio. The beauty is
that you can quickly record
your tests with a cross-browser
recorder. You can enrich them
with code if you've got
really complex scenarios. And on
top of that, it supports
all the standard controls, as
well as the Tellerik enhanced
controls. You can verify not
only several lines, but even
complex Ajax applications, best part
web UI test studio lives
in visual studio. So you
don't have to leave your
favorite development environment. You check
it out at telerik.com/web hyphen
testing, hyphen tools, and be
sure to thank Tellerik for
supporting the show on their
Facebook fan page at facebook.com/tellerik.
Okay, this is all about
separation of concerns. We hear
this all the time. This
is a, this is a
locator. It's like, it's a
contact lookup. It's like, I
really need an IFU. Do
you know where you could
find me one? And he's
like, I know Handle it.
Exactly. Yep. And if, and
if that I Fu has
any dependencies able to manage
all that for you, right.
You don't have to worry
about, So then I would
implement an eye service locator
for the scott.net framework. Correct.
Okay. And, and that, that
actually will then plugged into
the MBC turbine runtime and
saying, Hey, here's the I
servers locator implementation that I
want you to use. And
it goes, all right, turbine
doesn't know anything about unity,
doesn't know anything about a
structure map or any of
those IOC containers. It knows
about that. I service locator
interface that, you know, that
contract that it uses, which
allows it to easily switch
from unity to winter to
structure, map, and so forth,
or to scott.net. Oh, okay.
Okay. So if I go
off and I want to
write nerd dinner, which is
all about nerd dinners, not
about IOC, and I want
to go off and use
a structure map or unity
or any number of different,
or maybe I want to
try a couple of different
containers somewhere in there. I'm
going to be writing a
bunch of code to teach
nerd dinner about dependency injection
and or teach my dependency
injection framework about how I
want it to behave. None
of this moves my business
of making, having nerds have
dinner forward. So this is
where turbine simplifies all of
that. It's a, it's a,
it's almost implied. It's an
imposing a convention on how
MVC should interact with any
Dai framework. Yeah, actually I
would say that because I'm
a perfect example of that
is if you, if you
search for a structure map
or an inject samples, one
of the things on thanks
they do is they explicitly
say, I'm going to register,
you know, I'm going to
register controllers this way, and
there's plenty of code templates
out there show you that
with turbine. You don't have
to tell it that turbine
knows that, Hey, I am
an MVC. I need to
register a controller. So it
does that for you. And
you know, it doesn't ask
permission. It doesn't ask you
how you should do it.
It's just says, if it's
an eye controller and I
have to go down to,
I controller not to just
controller itself, because that is
the least common denominator. And
it's, I'm going to take
that, you know, that type.
And I'm going to register
that with the container, you
know? End of story. Don't,
you know, just because you
want that. Okay. So there's
a custom controller factory that
comes with it. So when
I get, when I download
MPC turbine, I get this
new controller factory, and this
now replaces the defaults and
resolves where controllers should be
found through the service locator.
And then subsequently through whatever
framework I've chosen, my URLs
will still work the same.
I say, slash home, I
get the home controller. That's
not going to change routing
or anything like that, but
my it'll then allow my
controllers to have dependencies. And
those dependencies will be satisfied
using my framework of choice.
Yep. That is correct. Okay.
So that's the custom controller
factory then what about other
components that I might want
to do a dependency injection
on? I might want to
separate out like routes or
modules or other, other things
that aren't necessarily controllers. Yeah.
The, the one that I
like to show is view
engines right now, typically you
don't want to do an
IOC on a view engine.
You might, in case you
want to do something interesting
or something clever for a
tag building, for example, spark
the spark view engine does
some allows you to plug
in an AOC to resolve
some, the specific types, but
in particular, with view engines,
the way you want to
do to use them within
your MVC application, you might,
you may want to switch
from one to another because
you really, you know, you
can, that the framework allows
you to, and since there
are enough separation of those
concerns, it is very easily
for your controller to talk
to, you know, spark UN
general weapon fuel engine. So
turbine again, eagerly, you know,
by that convention that we
talked about earlier, goes out
and finds all those Vue
engines and registered them with
ESPN and NBC. So in
case you do want to
add that piece to your
view or to your view
engine, it's automatically added there
out of the box. Okay.
Another, another instances model binders,
right? So a model binder
is the I'll call it
the, the little known secret
of, of the spit on
NBC world that allows you
to take any data from
your, from your route, from
your request for more or
whichever pieces and allows you
to build up that model,
that piece that gets passed
as a controller action, Right?
It takes, it takes the
HTTP, the entire context, usually
in the form of an
HTTP post and effectively de
serializes your object out of
that HTTP information. So if
you've got a bunch of
form fields, first name and
last name, and you have
a person object, the model
binder is the thing that
figures that out. And it
sounds great. And it's a
fun demo, except when you
have really complicated objects and
you need to write a
custom model binder and teach
it about your objects. Yup.
That is correct. So one
of the things that, you
know, I, I, I personally
do a lot of custom
model binders just because I
deal with complex examples. I
know in your blog, in
the past, you've had how
to get a date time
out of it. Well, one
of the things that turbine
does it, I'd actually auto
wires model binders for you.
So it knows which specific
type to use. So say
for example, let's go with
Fu again, since that seems
to be the type of
choice, if I can have
a food model binder that
will need some complex logics,
am I even need to
have a, an idea base
or an eye repository or,
or I, whatever dependency piece
on it. So that model
binder can then be injected
to your runtime through turbine,
just because it is an
IMO. Cause it's cause it's
an iron model binder out
of the box. So again,
turbine eagerly eagerly by convention
says, Oh, I need to,
I need to take this,
put it into the runtime
and plop it into the
system. So that way it
knows how to interact with
that specific type. So if
that food model binder needs
to call the database or
needs to interact with another
type, it does it, it
does it without, you know,
without any, any headaches or
issues. Okay. Now, how is
that different from how I
would wire up a model
binder or anything else in
MVC? Now, usually at NBC,
I will put that into
my global ASX and I'll
just have a one line
that says, you know, register
model binder, blah, blah, blah.
When you need a date
time, use the Scott daytime
model binder. It's one line
it's no problem. Well, how
is that? Not, you know,
IOC and dependency injection. It's
not because if you actually
look at the registration of
model binders, when you actually
tell it, you know, uses
to daytime model binders, it
requires an instance of that
model binder. So, so you
have to add at the
moment, you're going to say,
Hey, for this food type
or for this specific type
use this model binder, that
model binder is an actual
instance. So if you have,
if this model binder has
two dependencies and those dependencies
is three dependencies and so
on, so on that all
of those will have to
be resolved by the moment
you say, I'm going to
associate these two. Okay. So,
so at that point, that's
where the problem gets a
little bit more complex. So
from the turbine perspective, turbine
will automatically say, here's the
turbine model binder, which is
static. You know, it's got
a, has one dependency that
service locator we talked about
earlier, which gets passed in
and then within it, within
that implementation is serves more
of a facade. Then it
can then where then that
facade, Aquarius, all the other
model binders and says, Oh
yeah, you, you know, you
need X, you know, here's
a model. Can do you
match it? Yes. All right,
well, spin it out of
the container. And at that
point, any dependencies that dead
model binder may have are
automatically gonna be solved from
the container. Okay. So from
a developer standpoint, you develop
it the exact same way
you would evaluate your controllers
or any other pieces. It's
just, you get that added
benefit. I see. So it
sounds like in every opera,
every opportunity that MPC turbine
has a can, any opportunity
that it sees, it will
take a way that things
used to work in ESPN
MPC and make it an
opportunity for the dependency injection
framework to get involved. And
then you get all of
the benefits, the benefits of
dependency injection as a concept.
Yep. That is correct. One
of the ways I like
to phrase it is that
NBC turbine will always yield
to the container first. So
it always asks the container.
Can you provide this? And
if, and if the answer
is, yes, it, you know,
we'll resolve that and pass
it on advancers no. Then
turbine will then provide it's
its implementation to sort of,
to make it, make it
feel like good old MPC
again. And is there some
performance? I mean, this, I
mean, I could hear someone
listening and thinking, well, this
is going to make everything
slow. There is one performance
issue that we have actually
encountered, and that has to
deal with controller risk solutions
and with, but that's actually
being addressed right now for
the next release of turbine.
But since everything happens at,
at startup, all the registration
and all these different things
happen in app startup, there's
really not much any difference
from us using a structure
map unity or any other
IOC, because it happens at
startup. And at the end
of the day, it's just,
it's the same way as
calling that IOC, that IOC
container, the only difference is
just, there's an extra layer
of vendor action, which has
minimal. Okay. So this means
that there are you saying
that there's, there's no discernible
or worth measuring performance hit?
Like if I have a
perfectly good application that works
already and I'm interested in
making the code kind of
smell better, but I'm afraid
of performance. You're saying just
don't worry about it. It's
marginal amounts of Yep. That
is correct. Yep. Okay. Well,
that's cool. Yeah. And I,
and again, just because I'm
at a turbine is not
doing any of the heavy
lifting the IOC. Yes. Ah,
I see. So because turbine
is a, is a thin
layer on top of whatever
the IOC that's underlying it,
any performance issues that you
might potentially introduce would ultimately
be in the underlying container
that you've chosen to use.
Exactly. Correct. So what containers
do you support out of
the box and is this
a thing where, you know,
when you have an app,
an application or a framework
that is a collection of
adapters, which is effectively what
you are, there's always that
question of, are you maintaining
all the adapters or does
everyone go and write their
own turbine implementations? I mean,
where's the central repository of
all things, you know, like
if I made scott.net a
dependency injection framework, do I
then supply that to you?
That is a good question.
So it kind of do
to put it all together
is out of the box.
I'm supporting unity, castle, Windsor
structure, map, and inject. And
those implementations to the, of
those layers are actually being
supported by me or by
other members of the NBC
turbine core team. And that's
just because someone, you know,
I use castle Windsor for
most. So I'm the one
who's out there changing it.
If, if it ever needs
changes, I've had people review
the structure map and give
me feedback on it. I'm
the same thing with an
in check. But someone, someone
at any given point can
take that up or you
can take the source coding
and, and create mine. Inject
service locator has the same
thing for like Scott, that
net, you could be the
owner of that and saying,
here's, you know, since I
know Scott dinette, the best
I will provide this segmentation
at whatever fine tuning that
it needs. And you, you
download this from me, you
don't download it from the
MBC turbine repository. Okay. And
I would just have to
implement I service or my
Scott service.net thing. And then
what, what assembly, what I
have to reference, You will
have to reference it, NVC
turbine, that DLL assembly. And
that's it. And that's it.
Okay. And what about file
new project? You know, a
lot of times I, I
feel like this is all
great and everyone talks about
this, but I'm just so
lazy because most programmers are
really, really lazy people that
if it doesn't come out
of the box with file
new project, I'm not going
to really bother. Sure. So
what I've done is to
kinda apiece that crowd. Cause
I'm the same way at
times, depending on, depending on
my profoundly lazy, exactly. One
of the things that I've
done is I've created several
templates. So you could go
file new, then check application,
file, new structure, map, and
so forth. So again, those
templates are specific to the,
to the, to the IOC
containers that, that I, and
the other members of the
team pro support. Right. If
obviously, if you want one
for Scott, that net, we
could do that for you.
But at that point we
don't, you know, we don't
know what, what you would
want. There could be dozens
of people out there who
want that kind of thing.
Yep. Actually at one things
we're talking about, not for
this release for the, for
the next release is trying
to use an Autofac that's
another one we're going to
support or Lynn Fu yes.
These are all very popular.
You know, they they're basically
like, what would you say,
niche or niche, depending on
how you pronounce that everyone's
got their favorite flavor, ice
cream, you know what I
mean? I mean, every, I
probably have six different emails
in my inbox from the
last month saying I've written
an IOC container. Can you
check it out? Is it
seems to be like the
thing that, it's the thing
that people want to write,
they want to make their
own and they want to
do it their way. Exactly.
It's like a designer bags.
Right? So IOC containers or
designer bags, All bags though,
right? No, one's doing anything
really in the middle of
them have solar panels or
anything, but yeah. Yeah. And
that's the reason why I
ended up supporting all these
ones in each of them
are finicky within themselves. You
know, you, I've learned so
much about each individual IOC
container by providing this shim
that, Oh my gosh. I
was like, wow. You know,
some features I like about
X, some features or like
about Y and, and that
that's, I think that's the
best way to do, to
take it, take that knowledge
of IOC to the next
level is how each individual
takes it. So, And now
that you've spent so much
time looking at all these
different bags, I mean, do
you have a favorite? Do
I have a favorite? I
will have to say it's
my old bag, which is
castle winter. Really? Just, just,
yeah, just cause I know
it's so well. And, and
some of the features that
it provides, like the facility
pieces is it's phenomenal. Really
the original is still the
best you say exactly. Again,
this is just my style.
This is, this is my
opinion only and so forth.
I'm the one that comes
in close second is Autofac
just because of, because of
the explicitness that it enforces.
Well, this will start a
very exciting fight in the
comments of the show. I
hope as people espouse their,
their favorite, I don't see
containers. I wouldn't doubt it.
Fantastic. Well, thank you so
much of your lasagna for
talking about NBC through wine.
People can see this where
on the web, if you
go to MVC turbine that
code plex.com, that's the main
download site for that. Fantastic.
And how VR is on
the web of his own
blog. And he's also on
Twitter and we'll have those
links in the show notes.
Thank you so much for
chatting with me today. Thank
you, Scott. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and we'll see you again
next week.